# Instructions

>Create a script that loops through all the stocks for one year and outputs the following >information:
>>
  >>* The ticker symbol.
>>
  >>* Yearly change from opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at >>the end of that year.
>>
  >>* The percent change from opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year.
>>
  >>* The total stock volume of the stock.
  >----

  # Description
This is a script created using VBA for Excel using the instructions above that goes through information in columns `[A,C,F,G]` and will based on criteria in column `[A]` fill columns `[I,J,K,L]`. Specifcally, its for finding the `yearly change[J]`, `percent change[K]`, and `total stock volume[L]` of a given stock ticker over the course of a given year. It will also populate the tickers representing each one in column `[I]`. I made the script with very specific criteria in mind. They are as follows;

My script will only work if columns `[A,C,F,G]` are populated with the right values. `[A]` must be populated with string values. `[C,F,G]` must be populated with number values. Also, if the stocks opening value and closing value are both `0` the script won't run either, and you will get `"Run-time error '6': Overflow"`. 

The script will populate over whatever is within Columns `[I,J,K,L]` which are idealy empty before running the script.

In summary, the script is only meant for this particular usage case. I'm sure if one wanted one could utilize it elsewhere, given the parameters of *"While column `[A]` isn't empty, count all these rows but only while theyre the same so that when they arent I can count these specific things that are attributed to ones that are the same , so I can subtract then divide these specific things to get a color coded percentage"* but that sounds really specific to me.  

# Contents

Included in this repo is a .bas file with the script and screenshots for each year of my results.




### Sources
##### © 2022 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.
* Dataset generated by Trilogy Education Services, LLC.